hey everyone here's our math problem for
today what is the eye truth of negative
one
before we solve this let's recall that I
is equal to the square root of negative
one but what we have here is the I truth
of negative one in other words I is the
index of this radical and the radicand
is negative one so in order to solve
this we need to recall our concept of
complex numbers so let's draw a complex
plane in the complex plane this is our
real part and this is our imaginary axis
let's say we have a point Z in the
complex rectangular plane this is
expressed as a plus bi where a is the
real part this is a
and this B is in the imaginary axis
here however this point C can also be
described by taking this line which is
the radius and the angle it form with
the pasta real axis and this point say
in polar coordinate is equal to the
radius times e raised to I
times the angle Theta this angle is this
angle here
another name for this angle is this is
the argument and this R is the modulus
and this radius is always positive now
where is this negative one this negative
one is somewhere here and to describe
this point we need a radius
so it's radius is equal to 1 where after
the absolute value of this distance and
what's the angle from this point going
to this line
that is one half the circumference of a
circle and the circumference of a unit
circle is 2 pi and so one-half is equal
to Pi so therefore the angle
at this point is pi and substituting now
these values to this polar equation
we now have negative one which is our Z
equals R our R is one
so we copy e
I
times the angle is pi
now notice now that to arrive at this
point I rotated
pi
but if I rotate another 2 pi I will end
up at the same point and every time I
rotate 2 pi I will keep arriving at the
same point in other words if I add
multiples of 2 pi
the way to write multiple is up to Pi is
you multiply it by a certain integer n
so here n is an element of the set of
integers If I multiply 2 pi by N I am
getting multiples of Pi where n is an
element of the set of integers so this
Angle now here
is now this entire angle here this still
in the form R where our R is 1 times e i
times the angle Theta and that is equal
to this point negative one so this is
now the value of this negative one which
is inside this radical symbol and
therefore we can now write this to be
equal to
I
and inside the radicand is
e
I
times the quantity
pi
plus 2 N pi
where n is an element of the set of
integers this is equal to the base
raised to the fractional exponent 1 over
I so when I write this as e times I
times the angle pi
plus 2 m pi
all raised to the fractional exponent 1
over I by the power of a Power log
exponent we can multiply this inside
exponent times the outside exponent here
so we will end up at e this I and this
one over I are canceled out so we have
pi
Plus 2 N pi
where n is an element of the set of
integers so you can take any values for
n that means our given equation now is
equal to that so if n equals 0 what is
the value of this this becomes zero so
what we have is
e to the pi now if n equals 1 then this
becomes e raised to this becomes 2 times
1 is 2 times pi is 2 pi plus pi that is
e raised to 3 pi and if you keep
substituting integers to n you notice
that sum of the values are e to the pi e
to the 3 Pi e to the 5 Pi on the other
hand if we substitute negative one here
negative 1 times 2 is negative 2 times 5
is negative 2 pi plus 1 Pi is negative
pi and so on and support so there are so
many possible values that can satisfy
this equation but this part here e to
the pi is called as the principal value
so this is now our solution to this
problem so thank you very much and we
hope to see you again in our next video